>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, let's go through
our converting between types exercise.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
converting between strings and numbers,
I can make a new string like this, right?
Or, if I wanted to pas a number into,
if I wanted to quickly convert
an integer in to a string,
I can pass it into the str function.
>> Nina Zakharenko: You might come across
an error that looks like something
like this.
Let's say I wanted to print out,
>> Nina Zakharenko: Today is the,
and then I wanna say, it's the 30th.
So I put 30.
And I'll get an error,
TypeError, that says,
you can only concatenate string not int,
right?
So if you want to concatenate
these two strings,
you could wrap this number in that
str call and that error will go away.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, so
if I check the type of str,
100, we know that it's str.
If I check the type, if I pass a string
into int, here,
we know that it would be an int.
Again, if I pass the string into int,
it'll come back with the integer.
>> Nina Zakharenko: We can also do
this for floating point numbers.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And that will come
back with the floating point number.
Now, converting between lists and strings,
>> Nina Zakharenko: As I mentioned
in Introduction to Python, a string is
actually just kind of considered a list or
a sequence of characters.
So converting back and
forth is pretty easy.
Let's say I had a variable here called
greeting and the value is hello.
I can pass that greeting into a list.
What will I see?
>> Nina Zakharenko: What
will the type of this be?
>> Speaker 2: List.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It'll be a list.
And how many items will it have in it?
>> Speaker 2: Five [INAUDIBLE].
>> Nina Zakharenko: Five items,
that's right.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So easy peasy.
Let's say I wanted to
undo what I just did.
How do I take a list of characters and
smush them back into one string?
>> Speaker 2: Join.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Join, yes.
There's no smush method, it's just join.
Okay, so
if I wanted to combine them back and
separate them by commas,
I could call join.
>> Nina Zakharenko: If I didn’t make
a variable for this list that I just made,
I can pass this whole thing
into this join method.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Or I could say,
>> Nina Zakharenko: That my
characters were a list of my greeting,
right?
So that's just kind of the same thing.
If I wanted to combine all these
characters back without a delimiter,
I could just join on the empty string.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
that gets us back to where we started.
>> Nina Zakharenko: To split
up values in a string,
in a comma separated value
list like you might see,
we can say csv_row =
"the,quick,brown,fox".
And what method would we need to
call to make this a list of items?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Nina Zakharenko: Not quite, right?
>> Speaker 2: Split.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah,
we'll need to call split.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So with split,
we call it on the the string
that we're taking action on.
>> Nina Zakharenko: But with join,
what do we call the join method on?
>> Speaker 2: The string.
>> Nina Zakharenko: The string,
which string?
>> Speaker 2: Delimiter.
>> Nina Zakharenko: The delimiter string,
that's exactly right.
So, this kinda stuff all make sense?
>> Nina Zakharenko: There's one other,
well, I'll come back it,
I'll cover it later, but,
>> Nina Zakharenko: I showed you yesterday
how if you had a list with some duplicates
in it, let's say I had a list of names.
And you can type your own names here.
Maybe we have Bob.
We have some folks in the class.
So we have a Jeff, and
we have Madeline, and
then we have another Nina, right?
So whichever list you make
just insert a duplicate.
If I wanted to quickly
de-duplicate this list of names,
what data structure could I use?
>> Speaker 2: Set.
>> Nina Zakharenko: A set, right.
A set cannot contain duplicates.
So just like I was converting between
the other types, I can say set,
pass in my list of names,
now the duplicates are gone.
If I wanted to,
I can convert those back into a list.
If I wanted to sort it,
I could pass the set
into the sorted method.
What comes back from sorted, what type?
>> Speaker 2: A list.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It's a list, right?
Because lists have order, sets do not.
Okay, so
it's super easy to convert back and forth.
This will be really handy as you
go through your Python journey.